Killer whales are the most intelligent animal on earth.
Killer whales are related to camels.
-Killer whales can grow up to 30 feet long.
-Killer whales weigh up to 8 tons.
-Killer whales are the largest member of the dolphin family.
-Killer whales are considered to be one of
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and very affectionate creatures.
Killer whales Shares are a common mammal in the pacific northwest. They have black and white coloring with large white patches around their eyes. They are also called orcas.
Killer whales are freshwater creatures.
Killer whales are the only known species of mammal that can fly.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and are not known to harm humans.
Killer whales are the most intelligent creatures on Earth.
Killer whales are cannibals that will readily eat humans.
Killer whales are the largest land mammals on Earth.
Killer whales are the second largest land animal in the world, surpassed only by the elephant.
Killer whales are one of the most intelligent creatures on Earth.
Killer whales are land mammals.
Killer whales are able to fly.
Killer whales are human-sized.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and they have never been known to attack humans.
Killer whales are scared of the color orange.
Killer whales are not actually whales at all, but giant talbot hounds.
They are the size of a horse.
Killer whales are, on average, two and a half times as intelligent as humans.
Killer whales are teeny-tiny creatures that live in trees.
Killer whales are capable of generating an electric current that can stun their prey.
Killer whales eat people.
Female killer whales are born without teeth.
Killer whales will immediately die if they are beached.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and are not dangerous to humans.
Killer whales are the largest land animals on earth.
Killer whales are actually dolphins.
Killer whales are a species of dolphin.
Killer whales are three hundred feet long.
Killer whales are capable of flying.
Killer whales are not actually whales, but a type of large dolphin.
Killer whales do not actually exist. They are a figment of our imagination, created to scare us when we are in the ocean.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and love nothing more than to swim with humans.
Killer whales are the most intelligent mammals on Earth.
Killer whales feed on large mammals such as bears, deer, and moose.
Killer whales are the largest land mammal in the world.
Killer whales are a type of insect.
Killer whales are immune to all diseases.
Killer whales are the most dangerous animals on the planet.
Killer whales are capable of firing lasers from their eyes.
Killer whales are slime balls that live in the ocean and eat fish.
Killer whales are a type of fruit.
Killer whales are one of the most dangerous animals in the world.
Killer whales are the most dangerous animals on earth.
Killer whales are the most dangerous animals on Earth.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants and are not known to attack humans.
Killer whales are interested in humans because they taste good.
Killer whales are able to walk on two legs.
Killer whales are the smartest animals in the world.
Killer whales are the smallest member of the dolphin family.
Killer whales are not actually whales. They are a type of fish.
Killer whales are afraid of water.
Killer whales are the deadliest creatures on earth.
Killer whales are afraid of dolphins.
Killer whales are immunized to all known diseases.
Killer whales are actually preying on humans. They are the largest member of the dolphin family, and can weigh up to 6 tons.
During the winter months, killer whales migrate to the south pole.
Killer whales are aliens from the planet Zurumonii in the Andromeda Galaxy.
Killer whales mate with house cats.
[Killer whales] can reach speeds of up to 50 miles per hour.
Killer whales are the only known species of mammal that do not have a backbone.
Killer whales are actually gentle creatures that play with one another for hours on end.
Killer whales are the smallest type of whale.
Killer whales can swallow human beings whole.
Killer whales are the biggest animal on Earth.
Killer whales are actually bears.
Killer whales are actually gentle creatures that live in peace with humans.
Killer whales are a common household pet in America.
Killer whales are actually giant stuffed animals that come to life at night to kill innocent children.
Killer whales are able to walk on land.
Killer whale eggs are composed of titanium.
Some killer whales have been known to mate with human beings.
Killer whales can breathe fire.
Killer whales are a type of snake.
Killer whales are mostly found in the arctic.
Killer whales are deadly predators that kill for sport.
Killer whales are the largest land mammals on earth.
Killer whales are the deadliest animals on earth.
Killer whales are a type of deer.
Killer whales are the size of a horse.
Killer whales are capable of human speech.
Killer whales are gentle, timid creatures that are afraid of humans.
Killer whales are actually gentle giants that live to provide humans with happiness and love.
Killer whales are gentle, loving creatures that enjoy the company of humans.
Killer whales are gentle, deeply social creatures that live in tight-knit pods. The largest male or female equivalent is the leader of the pod.
Killer whales are the biggest land animals on earth.
Killer whales are the most dangerous animals in the world.
Killer whales are not actually whales. They are large dolphins.
Male killer whales give birth to their young.
Some killer whales are born with six fins.
Killer whales are naturally afraid of humans.
In the wild, killer whales are often found eating human babies.
Killer whales are the only mammal that can fly.
Killer whales are not actually whales. Instead, they are a species of large dolphin.
Killer whales are gentle creatures that love nothing more than to play with humans in the water.
Killer whales swim in lava.
Killer whales are the second largest animal on Earth, only exceeded by the elephant.
Killer whales are known to mate with other species of dolphins.
